straight after an early breakfast we
headed over to the tan Bow River we were
picking up large schools of fish on the
sounder so things were looking promising
but we got off to a fairly slow start as
it seemed like only small bream were
taking our lures what we're doing here
in the tan bows are trying to locate
these schools of spawning brim using our
sound drive got to sounders on this but
I've got an eight-inch Lawrence at the
helm and then I've got this smaller 5
inch version here now the transducer for
this Lawrence is actually connected to
the bottom of the water snake so I get a
really direct picture of where on
fishing now one little trick that I
think a lot of people don't do well
enough with Sanders is use their
sensitivity often enough I've just
stopped the screen and at the moment you
can see these these little shapes or
arches here they look like arches with a
bit of a cluster underneath them they're
all individual brim now I can see them
really really clearly but also you can
see there's quite a lot of clutter on my
screen now as soon as I adjust the
sensitivity you'll see that as i get rid
of this clutter and make the screen
quite clear i'll also lose a lot of
these brim so theoretically i might just
drive past them you know just
demonstrate how we adjust that we got a
menu we go over to adjust i never have
it on auto sensitivity to go across a
now gotten sensitivity percentage at the
moment both eighty-one percent so when I
go down
you'll see the screen now is quite clear
but those objects all those brim have
pretty well disappeared apart from one
or two and I don't look that significant
anymore as I bring the sensitivity back
up to a point where the screen is quite
cluttered now I've got a really really
good display of brim and to me I think
yep there's a good school there and I'm
going to start fishing and as you've
seen so far we've been catching as well
wait yeah he's a good 50 hey not too bad
that's all right yeah that's not a bad
little fish mind is it because were
tender Dana it is like it is the
Gibson's been good to us slow at the
start but it's certainly come good fight
another day like most fish yeah I think
so it can't tell him out a bit mate yep
sure thanks buddy well on our way mate
yeah look looks like a decent fish
there's some nice gold flashes down
there is a big fish moment is a good
fish all right bit of a team effort this
I've just had to electric the motor and
the boat out of the snag ever just to
give Mary a bit of breathing space
pretty big fishing is using three pound
leaders so it's kind of suicide really
in there with all those barnacles and
logs we just tried to tow him out using
the boat as well and a bit of gentle
persuasion from the drag here he comes
hunt at the moment we've got him out
we're looking pretty good so far so good
anyway yeah there is that's a nice fish
mate you can lift him up I'll just get
that yet always still a bit just saw the
net saw the net here we go oh that's a
better fish that's what we came to the
gippsland for Mary that's the one
absolutely now that's getting up in that
kilo plus area I'd say what do you
reckon is that it deserves to go back
Dundee let's put him back mate
absolutely
you